Update Algolia API keys docs (#5137)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: marketplace-and-integrations/integrations/algolia.md

```
{% endcode %}

Algolia comes with a set of predefined API keys:

* Search-Only API key - a public API key used on the frontend for performing search queries.

> * Admin API key - used on the backend for create, update or delete operations on the indices. 

Reviewer: Would it make sense to put these into a table?
I can do it once we merge the PR.

Author: Yes, sounds good. Thanks

> More details on other use cases for the Algolia API keys can be found [here](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/security/api-keys/#predefined-api-keys).

Reviewer: Using "here" for link texts, isn't great for SEO. Here's my suggestion for avoiding it:

```suggestion
More details on other use cases for the Algolia API keys can be found in [the Algolia Docs](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/security/api-keys/#predefined-api-keys).
```
